updated Dashboard, Pivot EUD 20.1 (#107)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: dashboard-for-web/articles/web-dashboard-designer-mode/data-shaping/grouping.md

## Changing a Date-Time Group Interval
Date-time values support the following group intervals.
 
> [!NOTE]

> > Examples in the table below are formatted using the default settings. To learn how to customize format settings, see [Formatting Data](formatting-data.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Examples in the table below are formatted with the default settings. To learn how to customize format settings, see the following help topic: [Formatting Data](formatting-data.md).
```
